feat(eks): support bottlerocket machine image and capacity (#7282)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-eks/README.md

When there is no `release` defined, the chart will be installed using the `node.uniqueId`,
which will be lower cassed and truncated to the last 63 characters.

### Bottlerocket

[Bottlerocket](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/bottlerocket/) is a Linux-based open-source operating system that is purpose-built by Amazon Web Services for running containers on virtual machines or bare metal hosts. At this moment the managed nodegroup only supports Amazon EKS-optimized AMI but it's possible to create a capacity of self-managed `AutoScalingGroup` running with bottlerocket Linux AMI. 

The following example will create a capacity with self-managed Amazon EC2 capacity of 2 `t3.small` Linux instances running with `Bottlerocket` AMI.

```ts
// add bottlerocket nodes
cluster.addCapacity('BottlerocketNodes', {
  instanceType: new ec2.InstanceType('t3.small'),
  minCapacity:  2,
  machineImageType: eks.MachineImageType.BOTTLEROCKET
});
```

> To create a `Bottlerocket` only capacity without default capacity, set the cluster `defaultCapacity` to `0` before the `addCapacity()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define only Bottlerocket capacity in your cluster, set `defaultCapacity` to `0` when you define the cluster as described above.
```

```ts
// create cluster with no default capacity
const cluster = new eks.Cluster(this, 'Cluster', {
  defaultCapacity: 0
});

// add bottlerocket capacity to this cluster
cluster.addCapacity('BottlerocketNodes', {
  machineImageType: eks.MachineImageType.BOTTLEROCKET
});

> 

Reviewer: See suggestion above, I don't think this snippet is required (it repeats something that's already mentioned). Feel free to add a cross reference.
